MyProfile: Update the documentation text and description (#236)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/PersonalApplications.rst

Your profile is always visible by all users of the portal that helps them understand more about you, so it is very necessary to have a profile with the full and clear information.

> From eXo Platform 6.0, the profile page has been redesigned in order to enriche and better organize yout information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From eXo Platform 6.0, the profile page has been redesigned in order to enrich and better organize user information.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To access the My Profile page, simply click your display name on the top
side bar.

|PRFL-1|

By default, your profile is just initialized with the basic account
information as below:

Details:

- |1| your avatar and cover 

- |2| a brief description of your profile in **About me** block.

> - |3| Kudos (Received and sent) and Total coins earned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |3| Kudos (Received and Sent) and Total coins earned.
```

> - |3| Kudos (Received and sent) and Total cauris gained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |3| Kudos (Received and sent) and Total coins earned.
```

- |4| your work experiences 

> - |5| welcome to my profile block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |5| 'welcome to my profile' block
```

- |6| your contact informations

> - |7| your gained badges by domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |7| your earned badges by domains
```

> - |7| your earned badges by domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |7| your earned badges by domain
```

>     .. note:: When someone opens your profile, many action are available such as: Chat, Call, Send kudos, Send Cauris and Connect button if you're not in connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: When you open someone else's profile, several interactions are possible such as: Chat, Call, Send Kudos, Send Coins and Connect.
```

        |PRFL-2|
 
 
 .. _Edit-Your-Profile:

Edit your profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To fill your profile, an edit icon is available on the following sections: About me, Contact Informations and Work Experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the edit icons to fill the various profile sections: About me, Contact Informations and Work Experiences.
```

> To build a profile as expected, an edit icon is available on specific sections: About me, Contact informations and Work experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fill your profile, an edit icon is available on the following sections: About me, Contact Informations and Work Experiences.
```

>     .. note:: After making changes, click **Save** or **Cancel** to respectively save or ignore them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: After making changes, make sure you click **Save** to update your profile or **Cancel** to dismiss the changes.
```

To change the profile banner:

1. Mouse over the top right of the grey banner, an edit icon appear.

>     .. note:: the banner should have 130 pixels height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: the banner should be 130 pixels height.
```

2. Select the desired profile banner image and double click on it.

3. The profile banner image will be automatically loaded.

In mobile devices, your profile display is divided on 2 sections: 

> - section 1: About me, , Kudos, Cauris and Work experiences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- section 1: About me, Kudos, Coins and Work Experiences
```

> - section 2: Welcome to my profile, Contact informations and Badges by domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- section 2: Welcome to my profile, Contact Informations and Badges by domain
```

> To switch from both sections, you can use the swipe icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To switch between sections, you can use the swipe icon.
```

|PRFL-3|

.. _About-me:

About Me
-----------

> A brief introduction of yourself with 2000 characters in maximum,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A brief introduction of yourself (in less than 2000 characters),
```

functionnally, it would be a better UX it it was expressed in words.

To change the profile banner:

1. Mouse over the top right of the grey banner, an edit icon appear.

    .. note:: the banner should be 130 pixels height.

2. Select the desired profile banner image and double click on it.

3. The profile banner image will be automatically loaded.

> In mobile devices, your profile display is divided on 2 sections: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In mobile devices, your profile display is divided in 2 sections: 
```

- section 1: About me, Kudos, Coins and Work Experiences
- section 2: Welcome to my profile, Contact Informations and Badges by domain

To switch between sections, you can use the swipe icon.

|PRFL-3|

.. _About-me:

About Me
-----------

A brief introduction of yourself (in less than 2000 characters),
telling people who you are and what you do. If this section is empty, it
will not be displayed on your profile page.

By clicking on the edit icon, an edit drawer is opened with a composer.

|PRFL-14|

>     .. note:: A character counter is displayed to help you to avoid exceeding the characters limit. If exceeded, The **Save** button will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: A character counter displays the number of characters entered in the About me. If you exceed the maximum allowed (200 characters), the  **Save** button will be disabled until the text is reduced within the limit.
```

.. note:: The information entered in the Skill Used field will be retrieved when you :ref:`search for contacts <Search-Contacts>`.

By clicking on the edit icon, an edit drawer is opened.

> Experiences will be presented in accordions. Your recent experience accordion is opened by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiences will be presented in accordions. Your recent experiences' accordion is opened by default.
```

|PRFL-15|

> To remove your experience, you can simply click on Remove Experience button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove an experience, you can simply click on Remove Experience button.
```

|PRFL-16|

>     .. note:: After making changes, click **Save** or **Cancel** to respectively save or ignore them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: After making changes, make sure you click **Save** to update your profile or **Cancel** to dismiss the changes.
```

To add a new experience, you can simply click on Add new button in the top Work Experiences drawer, and a new empty experience form is added.

|PRFL-17|

.. _Kudos:

Weekly Kudos
--------------

The number of Kudos received and sent by the user is displayed in the Kudos section.

|PRFL-5|

By clicking on Received or Sent Kudos number, a drawer is opened that displays the details of Kudos received or sent.

|PRFL-6|

All Kudos in the drawer are clickable and open, in a new browser tab, the source activity where the Kudos was sent or received.

> .. _Cauris:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Coins:
```

> Cauris

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coins
```

--------

> Monthly Rewards block displays the number of coins earned through  points and through kudos (the same value we already have in the cumulated Rewards in My Wallet application).

Reviewer: add link to My Wallet

Author: Done. New commit is added for adding the wallet link.

By clicking on the number, a drawer is opened and displays the cumulated coins per month.

|PRFL-7|

.. _Welcome-To-My-Profile:

Welcome To My Profile
-----------------------

> The welcome To My Profile widget is an block that welcomes you, and your collaborators, with some information about your spaces, connections, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **welcome To My Profile** widget is an block that welcomes you, and your collaborators, with some information about your spaces, connections, 
```

the points you earned and the rank you reached this week.

> See :ref:`Leaderboard <Leaderboard>` in Gamification for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`Leaderboard <Leaderboard>` in **Gamification** for more details.
```

- You can see your profile picture and your name just after the welcome To My Profile label.

- The widget also displays the total number of spaces that the profile owner is member of.
  A counter of your pending space invitations is displayed in a small badge.
  Click the badge to display all invitations and easily accept or refuse them.

|PRFL-8|

>     .. note:: - When you don't have any space invitation, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the spaces list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: - When you don't have any space invitation, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the space list.
```

> - This widget also reminds you the size of your social network by displaying your, or the user's, current number of Connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This widget also reminds you the size of your (or the profile owner's) social network by displaying your, that is, the current number of Connections.
```

  When you have some pending  connection requests, a small badge displays a requests counter.
  Click the badge to display the list of pending requests and accept or refuse them, with the list of all your, or the user's, connections.

>     .. note:: - When you don’t have any connection request, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the connections list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: When you don’t have any connection request, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the connections list.
```

|PRFL-9|

> - - You can see the points you, or the user's, earned this week and by clicking on your points, you can see a pie chart 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - You can see the points you (or the profile's owner), have earned this week. By clicking on your points, you can see a pie chart 
```

>   that presents your points distribution by domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that reveals their distribution by domain.
```

- You can also see your rank for this week and by clicking on your rank, you can see a leaderboard  
  that presents your position comparing to other members and how many points you earned this week so far.
  See :ref:`Leaderboard <Leaderboard>` in **Gamification** for more details.

.. _Badges-By-domain:

Badges By Domains
-------------------

All your latest earned badges are displayed in the Badges by domain section,

In this section, you can have an idea about badges' earning history and next badges you can earn.

In the Badges by domain section you have all domain labels with the last earned badge 

    .. note:: If you don't have any badge yet for a domain, the domain is not displayed.

By clicking on a domain, the domain drawer is displayed with :

- the history of badges for this domain

- a timeline with the gained badges

- all badges are presented by their avatar, badge name, badge points and gain timestamp 

>     .. note:: - The first badge is always the next badge to gain in grey color 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: - The first badge is always the next badge to obtain in grey color 
```

              - the second line in the timeline is your avatar with your current points on this selected domain. 
              - From the second line, it displays the full list of earned badges sorted by last to first

.. _View-Profile-Contacts:

Viewing profile of other users
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To view all information of a contact, simply click his/her name. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view all information of a contact, simply click their name. You
```

> will be redirected to his/her profile page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be redirected to their profile page.
```

.. note:: The information entered in the Skill Used field will be retrieved when you :ref:`search for contacts <Search-Contacts>`.

By clicking on the edit icon, an edit drawer is opened.

Experiences will be presented in accordions. Your recent experience accordion is opened by default.

To remove your experience, you can simply click on Remove Experience button.

    .. note:: After making changes, click **Save** or **Cancel** to respectively save or ignore them.

.. _Kudos:

Weekly Kudos
--------------

> Weekly Received and sent kudos informations are displayed in the Kudos section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of Kudos received and sent by the user is displayed in the Kudos section.
```

|PRFL-5|

> By clicking on Received or Sent Kudos number, a drawer is opened that displays the list of weekly kudos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on Received or Sent Kudos number, a drawer is opened that displays the details of Kudos received or sent.
```

|PRFL-6|

> All kudos in the drawer are clickable and opens, in a new browser tab, the activity in which the kudos is sent or received (either it's an activity or comment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Kudos in the drawer are clickable and open, in a new browser tab, the source activity where the Kudos was sent or received.
```

.. _Cauris:

Cauris
--------

> Monthly rewarded cauris block displays the number of gained Monthly cauris gamifications points, kudos and cauris (the same value we already have in the cumulated Rewards in My Wallet application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monthly Rewards block displays the number of coins earned through  points and through kudos (the same value we already have in the cumulated Rewards in My Wallet application).
```

Should add a link to My Wallet section in the doc

> By clicking on the Meeds points, a drawer is opened and displays the cumulated meeds displayed by period of month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the number, a drawer is opened and displays the cumulated coins per month.
```

|PRFL-7|

.. _Welcome-To-My-Profile:

Welcome To My Profile
-----------------------

The welcome To My Profile widget is an block that welcomes you, and your collaborators, with some information about your spaces, connections, 
the points you earned and the rank you reached this week.
See :ref:`Leaderboard <Leaderboard>` in Gamification for more details.

- You can see your profile picture and your name just after the welcome To My Profile label.

> - The widget also displays the total number of spaces that you're, or the user is, member of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The widget also displays the total number of spaces that the profile owner is member of.
```

  A counter of your pending space invitations is displayed in a small badge.

>   Click the badge to display all invitations and easily accept or refuse them, with the list of all spaces that you are, or the user are, member in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Click the badge to display all invitations and easily accept or refuse them.
```

I doubt this works when you're looking at someone eslse's profile

|PRFL-8|

    .. note:: - When you don't have any space invitation, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the spaces list.
   
- This widget also reminds you the size of your social network by displaying your, or the user's, current number of Connections.
  When you have some pending  connection requests, a small badge displays a requests counter.
  Click the badge to display the list of pending requests and accept or refuse them, with the list of all your, or the user's, connections.

    .. note:: - When you don’t have any connection request, the badge is hidden, and the drawer will display only the connections list.

|PRFL-9|

- - You can see the points you, or the user's, earned this week and by clicking on your points, you can see a pie chart 
  that presents your points distribution by domain.

- You can also see your rank for this week and by clicking on your rank, you can see a leaderboard  
  that presents your position comparing to other members and how many points you earned this week so far.
  See :ref:`Leaderboard <Leaderboard>` in **Gamification** for more details.

.. _Badges-By-domain:

Badges By Domains
-------------------

> All your last gained badges are displayed in the Badges by domain section,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All your latest earned badges are displayed in the Badges by domain section,
```

> On this section, you have an idea about your gained badges history and next badges to gain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you can have an idea about badges' earning history and next badges you can earn.
```

> In the Badges by domain section you have all domain labels with the last gained badge 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Badges by domain section you have all domain labels with the last earned badge 
```

>     .. note:: If we don't have gained any badge yet for a domain, the domain is not displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: If you don't have any badge yet for a domain, the domain is not displayed.
```

By clicking on a domain, the domain drawer is displayed with :

- the history of badges for this domain

- a timeline with the gained badges

- all badges are presented by their avatar, badge name, badge points and gain timestamp 

    .. note:: - The first badge is always the next badge to gain in grey color 

>               - the second line in the timeline is spresented by your avatar with your current points on this selected domain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              - the second line in the timeline is your avatar with your current points on this selected domain. 
```

>               - From the second line, it displays the full gained badges sorted by recent gained to last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              - From the second line, it displays the full list of earned badges sorted by last to first
```

.. _View-Profile-Contacts:

> Viewing profile of other contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viewing profile of other users
```
